EN Form Generator Guide Cleanup (#524)
contao/docs: docs/manual/form-generator/create-a-search-form.en.md

---

> title: 'Create a search form'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Create a search form"
```

> description: 'You can use the form generator to create your own search form and include it in the header of your website, as an example.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "You can use the form generator to create your own search form and include it in the header of your website, as an example."
```

aliases:
    - /en/form-generator/create-a-search-form/
weight: 30
---

> As already mentioned in the section [My Search Forms](../../modulverwaltung/website-suche/#eigene-suchformulare), you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As already mentioned in the section [My Search Forms](../../module-management/website-search/#own-search-forms), you 
```

can use the form generator to create your own search form and include it in the header of your website, as an example. 
You only need to perform the following steps:

> 1. Open the form generator, and create[ a new form](../../formulargenerator/formulare/#formular-konfiguration). Specify 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the form generator, and create [a new form](../../form-generator/forms/#form-configuration). Specify 
```

the search page as the redirect page, and select *GET* as the transfer method.

> 2. Add a [text field](../../formulargenerator/formularfelder/#textfeld) to the form, and enter the field `keywords` name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a [text field](../../form-generator/form-fields/#text-field) to the form, and enter the field `keywords` name. 
```

If you prefer, you can make this field mandatory, because a search without a search term will probably not yield many results.

> 3. Optionally add a [radio button menu](../../formulargenerator/formularfelder/#radio-button-menue) to the form if you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Optionally add a [radio button menu](../../form-generator/form-fields/#radio-button-menu) to the form if you 
```

want your visitor to be able to choose between AND and OR search. The field name is in this case `query_type` with the 
option values `and` and `or`.

> 4. Add a [submit button](../../formulargenerator/formularfelder/#absendefeld) to the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add a [submit button](../../form-generator/form-fields/#submit-field) to the form.
```
